New Send an MPT Tutorial (#3689)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: _code-samples/send-an-mpt/README.md

# Send an MPT Examples

> Sample code for the [Send a Multi-Purpose Token (MPT)](https://xrpl.org/docs/tutorials/payments/send-an-mpt) tutorial. Each tutorial script funds a fresh receiver, authorizes it to hold the MPT, snapshots both accounts' MPT balances, has a preconfigured sender forward 100 MPT units to the receiver, and reads both balances again from the validated ledger to confirm the transfer.

Reviewer: This first paragraph is what gets picked up and displayed on the "Code Samples" page. I suggest revising it as follows:

- Move the link and mention of the tutorial to a later paragraph. The descriptions in the Code Samples page can't contain links, since it's on a card that is itself a link to the code sample.
- Rephrase to imperative mood.

```suggestion
Send a Multi-Purpose Token (MPT) payment, including funding a fresh receiver, authorizing it to hold the MPT, and transferring 100 MPT units from a preconfigured sender to the receiver. Reads both balances before and after the transaction to confirm the transfer.
```

Author: Ah good to know, I didn't realise this was used on that page. I'll shorten and simplify further. 👍🏾

> | Language | Folder |

Reviewer: I suggest omitting this table. I don't think it adds much, since the GitHub interface shows the folders anyway (and I think the language abbreviations are probably clear/specific enough) and it's extra work to update the table if we add or remove languages for this code sample.
